Grade calculator for The University of Queensland.
Use python.
First prompt wants your name, and then asks for the number of courses that you study.
Based on number of courses that they study, ask them to input all of them individually.
Then, ask them to input the number of units for each course.
Show the 'dashboard' of all the courses that they study, and have a button to add more courses and a button to add their grades. 
Have 4 buttons that are 'add course', 'add grade', 'change weightage', and 'change number of assignments'.
Have it so that when you click on the title of the course, it expands to show a detailed view of their grades and progress.
Within the expanded course, include 4 buttons that ask whether there are Mid-Semester Exam Hurdles, Mid-Semester Exam, Final Exam Hurdles, and Final Exam.
If the answer for the existence of the exam is no, then the button should be greyed out.
If the answer for the existence of the exam is yes, then ask whether there are any hurdles.
If the answer for the existence of the hurdles is no, then the button should be greyed out.
If the answer for the existence of the hurdles is yes, then ask if the exam was split into parts A and B.
If the answer for the existence of the parts is no, then the button should be greyed out.
If the answer for the existence of the parts is yes, then ask for the hurdle/requirement for each part to pass the course.
This should be applied for both the mid-semester exam and the final exam.
Each course should have at least 4 assignments, and each assignment should have a weightage.
The weightage and the grade should be used to calculate the GPA.
The GPA should be displayed on the dashboard.
The weightage should be displayed on the dashboard.
The weightage can also be changed on the dashboard.
There should be a button to change the number of assignments for each course.
Then, ask them to input the grade for each course.
The grade should be displayed on the dashboard.
The grade can also be changed on the dashboard.
The grades are calculated from 1 to 7, and are calculated based on the percentage of the total grade.
Grade of 1 is if their total score of the course is less than 20%.
Grade of 2 is if their total score of the course is between 20% and less than 45%.
Grade of 3 is if their total score of the course is between 45% and less than 50%.
Grade of 4 is if their total score of the course is between 50% and less than 65%.
Grade of 5 is if their total score of the course is between 65% and less than 75%.
Grade of 6 is if their total score of the course is between 75% and less than 85%.
Grade of 7 is if their total score of the course is at least 85%.

Please ask at the dashboard the overall percentage for each course in order for them to pass the course.
If they have passed the course, then show that they have passed the course and show their grade.
If they have not passed the course, then show that they have failed the course.
If the course has a mid semester exam, but they did not pass the hurdles required (if any), then check whether they have a final exam hurdle and whether they have passed it.
If they have passed the final exam hurdle, then show that they have passed the course and show their grade.
If they have not passed the final exam hurdle, then show that they have failed the course.
If the course has a final exam, but they did not pass the hurdles required (if any), then show that they have failed the course.
If the course has a mid semester exam, and they have passed the hurdles required (if any), then they pass the course regardless of the final exam results and show the grade.
